Rename tables to typecheck_result() (#6131)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: doc/common_tools_writing_lints.md

to retrieve a type from a pattern.

Two noticeable items here:
- `cx` is the lint context [`LateContext`][LateContext]. The two most useful
  data structures in this context are `tcx` and the `TypeckResults` returned by

>   'LateContext::typeck_results', allowing us to jump to type definitions and

Reviewer: nits
```suggestion
  `LateContext::typeck_results`, allowing us to jump to type definitions and
```
